Document triggering Smokey manually (#1174)
alphagov/smokey: README.md

Smokey is run automatically:

- every few minutes via a [cronjob][smokey-argo]
- by the [deployment
  automation](https://argo-workflows.eks.integration.govuk.digital/workflows?limit=100)
  to determine whether to promote a release to the next environment (staging,
  production)

> Smokey can also be run manually by visiting the [Smokey project in Argo][smokey-argo],
> clicking the three dots against the 'smokey' cronjob and then
> selecting 'Create Job'. Within a couple of minutes, this will create a
> new 'smokey' run.

Reviewer: Best to avoid unnecessary use of passive voice etc.
```suggestion
You can also start a Smokey run [from Argo CD][smokey-argo]. Click the three
dots in the 'smokey' cronjob and choose 'Create Job'. It can take a few seconds
for the job to appear.
```
